require the server to save the transport parameter as well (#14)
quicwg/reliable-stream-reset: draft-ietf-quic-reliable-stream-reset.md

understands this transport parameter MUST treat the receipt of a non-empty
value as a connection error of type TRANSPORT_PARAMETER_ERROR.

> In order to allow reliable stream resets in 0-RTT packets, both client and
> server MUST remember the value of this transport parameter.  If 0-RTT data is

Reviewer: Take it or leave it, but we use "endpoints" right above, so it should be safe to reuse the term.
```suggestion
In order to allow reliable stream resets in 0-RTT packets, both endpoints MUST
remember the value of this transport parameter.  If 0-RTT data is
```

> accepted by the server, the server MUST not disable this extension on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
accepted by the server, the server MUST NOT disable this extension on the
```
I know this is from old text, but "MUST not" sounds odd. Maybe it is better to use either "MUST NOT disable" or "MUST enable."

Author: I agree. "MUST not" doesn't make sense.
